capital = 70

oob = "SLO_1939"

set_technology = {
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = SLO_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_jaroslav_kratochvil
recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_daubner
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_hora
recruit_character = SLO_frano_kral
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_snejdarek
recruit_character = SLO_fritz_gejza
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_sadek
recruit_character = SLO_stefan_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_cyril_kuchta
recruit_character = SLO_jindrich_honzl
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_straka
recruit_character = SLO_karol_sidor
recruit_character = SLO_emil_lendvay
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_turanec
recruit_character = SLO_gustav_malar
recruit_character = SLO_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = SLO_janko_jesensky
recruit_character = SLO_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = SLO_anton_pulanick

1939.1.1 = {
	
	add_political_power = 1198

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		#doctrines
		formation_flying = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 90
	communism = 5
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Jozef Tiso"
	desc = "POLITICS_JOZEF_TISO_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Slovakia_Jozef_Tiso.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}