capital = 76

set_research_slots = 3


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	basic_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = TRA_pot
recruit_character = TRA_awt
recruit_character = TRA_communist_guy
recruit_character = TRA_ncm
recruit_character = TRA_acgs
recruit_character = TRA_nccr
recruit_character = TRA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TRA_ar
recruit_character = TRA_stc
recruit_character = TRA_aco2
recruit_character = TRA_aa2
recruit_character = TRA_ncs
recruit_character = TRA_nt
recruit_character = TRA_acas
recruit_character = TRA_acd2
recruit_character = TRA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TRA_mt
recruit_character = TRA_ai2
recruit_character = TRA_coi
recruit_character = TRA_acr

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 10
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 75
}
